all right so let's go do the fourth
mission in the game
let's get it Oh looks like it's going to
be an interesting mission because he has
got the right fingers hands and you know
yours truly row Street don't just get
flow
hey slow down fool tell you know restore
it is whatever man
this is bandha somebody said
somebody said in one at Holmes don't
forget cop bike Chile's pop let's go
beat that guy hey partner working man
what you need what you need up oh come
on
police what your pump used to blow with
a front you're a baller oh gee from idle
would I know its place it's just across
the tracks there let's check it out
hey ain't that front yard turf man you
were busting no I'm down homie hey grab
over there battle me
man I'm serious mission now and no sweat
at home everybody in the hood no ball is
a pussy
looks like that cop is stuck whatever
we yeah you just gonna crack down a mile
away
yeah let's shoot doing in a deuce
ourselves
good afternoon ball of dough pushes grow
Street oh geez come do damage
fuck them Pro Street food going down one
done as to the other one down - so is
there anything in this house ooh
alright so you are here
I guess he's dead and and empty room hmm
I guess there's nobody else turn Oh a
bedroom no hidden items Oh too bad
alright let's move out now balls no
grocery fans only way back up
so home it was smoke time check
oh man they go mad at us
now that the Bengston getting pushed up
in their faces
maybe these fools should be up for some
real bang yeah grow up and get back on
his feet now my shoulder
later home now what we have just passed
the first mission in this game
so yeah that's pretty amazing and I will
see you next time